feat(datadog): hardcode serviceAccount&ConfigMap name on GKE Autopilot (#557)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/CHANGELOG.md

# Datadog changelog

## 2.31.0

> ***Warning:*** From this version onwards, on GKE Autopilot, only one "datadog" Helm chart release is allowed by the Kubernetes namespace due to the following new constraints:

Reviewer: Would it be possible to have the hardcoded-named service account be created by a first Helm release and re-used by a second Helm release that would be created with:
```yaml
agents:
  rbac:
    create: false
    serviceAccountName: datadog-agent
```

Technically speaking, is it more correct to say that only one Helm release on GKE auto-pilot can leave `agents.rbac.create` set to its default `true` value ?
I ask this, in the hypothesis where we wouldn’t enforce this restriction with the `fail` statement in the `NOTES.txt`.

Reviewer 2: Also
```suggestion
***Warning:*** From this version onwards, on GKE Autopilot, only one "datadog" Helm chart release is allowed by Kubernetes namespace due to the following new constraints:
```

Author: I will keep the restriction as it is because, the serviceAccount in one think but we also have the issue with the install-info configmap that need to be unique.
So I think it is better to say for now `one release per namespace`

> * On GKE Autopilot, make the "Agent" DaemonSet serviceAccountName immutable.
> * On GKE Autopilot, make the "Install Info" ConfigMap name immutable.

Reviewer: “immutable” could mean that the service account name and the config map name cannot be changed once the Helm chart has been installed but that it could still be chosen with different values for several Helm releases.

```suggestion
* On GKE Autopilot, hardcode the "Agent" DaemonSet serviceAccountName.
* On GKE Autopilot, hardcode the "Install Info" ConfigMap name.
```
